What is up guys and welcome back so it's not like much time.
OK.
So I want to be just clicking recheck name servers to see if my domain name is working or not.
So I'm going to be clicking recheck names hers and let's see if this is done so you can see it's a zone
of verified and this is now turned to green.
So it's been like maybe 30 minutes not more than that.
And you can see the status is active and this Web site is now active on cloud flare so you can see now
whenever I visit my website you'll see that my website will be totally up and running.
There will be no issues to my website.
OK.
So I can see that CloudFlare is integrated.
And let's see if there is some change in our website.
So we're if we have to test everything is okay.
So our website was on 77 before and now let's see the mobo optimization has increased.
And this is still here.
But mobile optimization is a big increase.
So you can see the SSL is also right here that we will be covering in the next video.
Let's just come here to analytics so the optics here are going to be seeing the analytics said how much
HTP request has been generated and the rendering and everything from here.
But we don't have to work on it.
We have to go to the speed.
OK.
So in the speed you can see it has auto modify.
So we have to just check this.
We have to check this and we also have to check this.
Okay.
And then we have to go down.
We have to go down and.
Yes.
OK.
So now we have to come here to the caching.
Okay.
And then we have this purge cache caching level.
And we have browser Kangxi expirations So we're going to be setting this to like two months.
Okay.
So this me like I'm CloudFlare instructors of those blobs are the cash you filed here in this period
the browsers loads the file from its local cache.
Speeding up the page load.
So this is exactly like the Loveridge browser caching that we have selected right now.
OK so now we're done with this.
OK we have to just come here and we have to go to this right now.
I'm going to be clicking analyzed again and let's see if there is much difference or it's still there.
OK.
Let's see.
So this is 35.
This is 74.
So this is a bit dull.
OK.
This is this is this has gone down a bit because there might be some issues with the hosting and everything.
So it might go down.
OK what you have.
You can read try that again to see if that is working or not.
Let's just go ahead and let's just refresh everything.
The Web site.
OK.
And then we have to just come here as well we have to analyze it again.
So guys I want to say one thing and that is make sure that you try everything because trying will keep
the speed go more huge.
OK.
You can see that my speed for mobile is now turn to the optimization to be the medium.
And everything is going amazing.
We go to desktop and that is also medium.
So on working with the Cdn you can see that my server responding is basically gone totally and my server
responding is good.
OK.
It responded to second due to this CloudFlare.
So CloudFlare just increased my website.
OK.
You can see that everything is now in the medium side and we just change some thing.
OK and that's all.
So you have to try things.
Ok maybe the speed will not work.
OK maybe you don't have to mean it fired.
Maybe you don't have to work on some things and something like that.
OK so you have to try different things.
If it doesn't work maybe double treatable gace plugging it might work or something like that.
OK.
So you have to try try and try.
Depending on the hosting environment.
But post gator hosting environment works pretty cool.
What this turns the room on site.
OK so maybe it will now go down and go above.
Or something like that.
So let's see a case and this is now going down.
OK so but still this is lying here.
So server response time is dependent on the web hosting.
OK.
But our CloudFlare they'll work they'll try to make it much better.
So now you can see that we're totally done with the Cdn.
Okay make sure tetch you just rely on this.
OK not the mobile one the mobile optimization should be good.
OK your site should be responsive that's all but your desktop speed should be above 65 or 60 or 50.
Okay.
So now the next video I'll show you how can you work with the SSL.
If I just come here and I just add the SSL right now.
Okay I just add the SSL that I referred shed.
Again it is not secure where your connection is not private.
OK so this is giving me an error but if I just go ahead and you just want to let topos open up a file
here.
OK.
Let's see if this is the file.
And I just opened this up and the HDD beeps OK.
This is also not secure.
So we have to work on it.
I'll show you how can you work with the SSL here how you can switch it on.
And then how your site will work with the SSL so stadium guys and in the next video will be working
up with the SSL goodbye.